The Swamp Doctrine.

1. Tech Tubers are paid off by companies to promote lack luster or otherwise horrible products.

2. Nvidia is valuable lesson, if anything what Nvidia is doing is proving if someone holds majority they have control over prices.

3. AMD is just is bad as Nvidia. They take advantage of low income gamers with the cheap prices, even with their equally as bad (if not worse) share of issues as either Intel or Nvidia.

4. Intel is not a saint but they are making the gaming market better. Even with the insane amount of issues they have with their drivers in the Arc line, they still are being a choke point for both Nvidia and AMD with their pricing. See the Arc a770, a 16gb card that performs on par with a 3070 while costing 100-200$ cheaper.

5. Making products to cater to the horribly optimized games as of late (2023-2024) is majorly hurting gamers over all. We should NOT accept the fact 16gb is needed for 1440p and 24gb is needed for 4k. 

6. Be wary of any and all tech news.
-------------------------------------------

Moore's Law.

As of right now for your wallets sake do NOT believe in the old idea that is Moore's Law. 
Moore's Law was an observation made by Gordon Moore that states the number of transistors on a microprocessor should double every two years. It has been morphed into the idea that overall gaming performance needs to be increase by 2x every 2 years. This is not the case and has never been for a very long time. Should we want sizeable increases in computer performance? Absolutely. But should we want increases of 2x every 2 years? No, and here is why.

Let's just apply common sense to this, if companies make 10% increases for 20% more of the price, can you imagine how expensive this marketplace would be if we got double the performance? It would be extremely expensive to enter and even harder for the companies to make money, which is all they want.

-------------------------------------------

The Gaming Market.

For starters I think we should start this off by saying as of right now there is nothing that can be done by us to prevent the gaming market from killing itself off. However what I do think needs to be done is make The Big 3 realize how much this will hurt. They know at some point people will be happy with their current products forever, so why shouldn't they purposely throw people off? Think about this for a second... If I sell you a product I know will last forever, what stops you from keeping it forever? What stops you from saying "This is going to last me forever!", the answer is nothing. The Big 3 all know this, they know that you would buy to keep forever if it worked forever. This is why I believe what they are currently doing is killing off older products via planned obsolescence. This market is locked in the sense 3 companies have all control.


What stops these companies?

Well to be blunt, nothing. They killed off their competition in the early to late 2000s. Personally I think it should be worrying how similar they have been acting lately.
